# xi.sdk.resellers.Model.QuoteSearchResponseQuotesInner

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**QuoteName** | **string** | Quote Name given to quote by sales team or system generated.  Generally used as a reference to identify the quote. | [optional] 
**QuoteNumber** | **string** | Unique identifier generated by Ingram Micros CRM specific to each quote.  When applying a filter to the quoteNumber and including a partial quote number in the filter, all quotes containing any information included in the filter can be retrieved as a subset of all available customer quotes. | [optional] 
**Revision** | **string** | When a quote has been revised and updated, the quote number remains the same throughout the lifecycle of the quote, however, a Revision number is updated for each revision of the quote.  The revision numbers is associated with the Unique Quote Number. | [optional] 
**EndUserContact** | **string** | End User Name is the end customer name that is associated with a quote in Ingram Micros CRM. | [optional] 
**SpecialBidNumber** | **string** | Special Pricing Bid Number, also refers to as Dart Number relates to a unique pricing deal associated with a vendor for the quote. | [optional] 
**QuoteTotal** | **decimal** | Total amount of quoted price for all products in the quote. | [optional] 
**QuoteStatus** | **string** | This refers to the primary status of the quote. | [optional] 
**IngramQuoteDate** | **string** | Date the Quote was initially Created. | [optional] 
**LastModifiedDate** | **string** | Date the Quote was last updated or modified. | [optional] 
**IngramQuoteExpiryDate** | **string** | Date when the Quote Expires. | [optional] 
**Vendor** | **string** | Name of the vendor. | [optional] 
**CreatedBy** | **string** | Name of the end user/customer who created a quote. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

