# xi.sdk.resellers.Model.QuoteDetailsResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**QuoteName** | **string** | Quote Name given to quote by sales team or system generated.  Generally used as a reference to identify the quote. | [optional] 
**QuoteNumber** | **string** | Unique identifier generated by Ingram Micro&#39;s CRM specific to each quote.  When applying a filter to the quoteNumber and including a partial quote number in the filter, all quotes containing any information included in the filter can be retrieved as a subset of all available customer quotes. | [optional] 
**Revision** | **string** | When a quote has been revised and updated, the quote number remains the same throughout the lifecycle of the quote, however, a Revision number is updated for each revision of the quote.  The revision numbers is associated with the Unique Quote Number. | [optional] 
**IngramQuoteDate** | **string** | Date the Quote was initially Created. | [optional] 
**LastModifiedDate** | **string** | Date the Quote was last updated or modified. | [optional] 
**IngramQuoteExpiryDate** | **string** | Quote expiration date. | [optional] 
**CurrencyCode** | **string** | Three letter currency code. | [optional] 
**SpecialBidId** | **string** | Price discount identifyer to specify  a pricing discount that has been applied to the quote. If present - the priceDeviationStartDate and priceDeviationExpiryDate must be presented. Cisco refers to this as a Dart | [optional] 
**SpecialBidEffectiveDate** | **string** | If price discount has been applied to the quote - the starting date the discount begins. | [optional] 
**SpecialBidExpirationDate** | **string** | If a price discount has been applied to the quote - The date the discount expires and will no longer be applicable. | [optional] 
**Status** | **string** | This refers to the primary status of the quote.  API responses will return | [optional] 
**ClosingReason** | **string** | Closing Reason for quote. | [optional] 
**DateClosed** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**CustomerNeed** | **string** | Details related to the customer&#39;s request for the quote entered by the sales representative or system generated. | [optional] 
**ProposedSolution** | **string** | Ingram Micro proposed solution and summary of quote. | [optional] 
**IntroPreamble** | **string** | Introductory paragraph included in each quote.  Legally required - must be included when presenting the quote details. | [optional] 
**PurchaseInstructions** | **string** | Purchase instructions.  Legally required - must be included when presenting the quote details. | [optional] 
**LegalTerms** | **string** | Legal terms -  Legally required - must be included when presenting the quote details. | [optional] 
**QuoteType** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**LeaseInfo** | **string** | Lease information. | [optional] 
**LeasingInstructions** | **string** | Leasing information | [optional] 
**QuoteSubType** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**ResellerInfo** | [**QuoteDetailsResponseResellerInfo**](QuoteDetailsResponseResellerInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**EndUserInfo** | [**QuoteDetailsResponseEndUserInfo**](QuoteDetailsResponseEndUserInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**Products** | [**List&lt;QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInner&gt;**](QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInner.md) |  | [optional] 
**ProductsCount** | **int** | Total number of products included in the quote | [optional] 
**ExtendedMsrpTotal** | **int** | Total extended MSRP for all products included in the quote | [optional] 
**QuantityTotal** | **int** | Total quantity of all items in the quote. | [optional] 
**ExtendedQuotePriceTotal** | **int** | Total amount of quoted price for all products in the quote including both solution products and suggested products. | [optional] 
**AdditionalAttributes** | [**List&lt;QuoteDetailsResponseAdditionalAttributesInner&gt;**](QuoteDetailsResponseAdditionalAttributesInner.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

